So now that you know the structure of this course, the remaining question is, how do you get the most out
of this course because that is honestly very important to me?
Obviously I strongly recommend watching the videos and watch them in the order I uploaded them because
with that order, I did my best to ensure that you have a great learning experience and a good learning
curve.
You might need to increase or reduce the playback speed for some videos or pause sometimes, because I
try to go through the content of this course on an average speed,
I'm not super-slow and I try to not be super-fast but everyone is different when it comes to this,
some students want a slower pace,
some students want a faster pace and really use the tools the Udemy
player gives you to adjust these to your needs.
Now watching the videos is great
but I always recommend that you code along.
Write the code that
I teach you in this course on your own, follow along.
You will find code snapshots provided by me attached to the last lecture of every module so that you
can compare your code to mine in case you're facing any errors, because that really enhances the way you
learn if you code along and
as I said, use the course resources like these attached code snippets but also the extra links I have
in the last lecture of every module to dive deeper, to solve errors and to really become a
Node/Angular master.
Now finally and that's also important,
there is a Q&A section in this course and if you've got any course-related questions, so questions related
to the course source code or some logical question about some concept I taught here, please post them
there,
I do read and reply there regularly. Now
asking is great but often, you can solve issues on your own by Googling, by comparing code and you can
also help other students. If you see open questions, please
also reply there.
It can be hard to do that because you're afraid that your answer might be wrong, but who cares?
Even if it's wrong, then you'll learn again because someone is going to correct you,
I really want you to interact because by answering, you will learn the most.
Asking is easy, answering is much harder and it challenges you to think about a problem, to come up with
a solution and
if you want to become a true master, definitely dive into questions and answer them,
that will really help you the most,
I promise. And that is how you should get the most out of the course and really become a great
Angular/Node developer by the end of it.